Wording changes (16 Jul 2024 ClearBank Changes) (#4)
clearbank/ozoneapi-dev-ui-portal: docs/40-sandbox.md

### Step by Step guide to connect to sandbox

#### Step 1: Pre-Requisites for TPP

> Ensure that the following pre-requisites are met before onboarding onto ClearBank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the following pre-requisites are met before onboarding with ClearBank.
```

#### Step 2: Register TPP with Bank using Dynamic Client Registration
See http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0-21.html

> Please find here a list of cClaims required in dynamic client registration for Banks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please find here a list of Claims required in dynamic client registration for Banks:
```

> Please find here a list of cClaims required in dynamic client registration for Banks:

Reviewer 2: Claims?

2.3 Environment File download

> Once a TPP successfully registers to ClearBank , they can download the environment file for their client via an ClearBank  helper api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a TPP successfully registers with ClearBank , they can download the environment file for their client via a supporting ClearBank api
```

![](/assets/images/consent3.png)

> Once the PSU consent is successful, ClearBank  will redirect back to the redirect URI. Copy the Authcode from the URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the PSU consent is successful, ClearBank will redirect back to the redirect URI. Copy the Authcode from the URL
```
